# Self Assessment: Dustin Seger

|            |                               |
|:-----------|:------------------------------|
| Student    | Dustin Seger (segerde)        |
| Group      | Meetify                       |
| Class      | Senior Design                 |
| Assignment | Assignment 6: Self Assessment |
| Due        | 4/13/21                       |

## Part A

I did my part to ensure the progression of the Meetify senior capstone project.
I was in charge of the entire front-end portion of our application, including
its design, development, and testing. To do this, I developed a web application
based in [React](https://reactjs.org/), additionally packaging it within
[Electron](https://www.electronjs.org/) for distribution capabilities on most
major PC systems. I also put my programming and muscle memory skills to the test
by utilizing [Doom Emacs](https://github.com/hlissner/doom-emacs) instead of a
modern IDE, ensuring to learn all of its tips and tricks to be as efficient as
possible. The front-end was extensively managed via version control to ensure a
clean and consistent product, utilizing a [separate GitHub
page](https://github.com/segeeslice/Meetify-UI) from the server for decoupled
changes. Even though my teammates were not contributing to the front-end, I made
sure to make pull requests for every update to keep them notified and encourage
cross-specialization. My resulting internal and external designs for the
front-end, as well as my occasional contributions to the back-end server code,
have made me very proud of our project and how far we were able to develop it in
our short timeframe.

As with all development projects, my journey with Meetify certainly had its ups
and downs, but it thankfully came with its lessons as well. First, it's
important to note again that I'm exceptionally proud of the project and my
personal successes. I was able to both design and functionally build an entire
web application from scratch that I think looks aesthetically on-par with most
modern applications thanks to its [material design](https://material.io/design).
However, I did underestimate how much work it would be to develop the front-end,
and a lot of time was put into it as a result. In the future, I would certainly
have more people help me to develop the front-end, as it's certainly not as easy
as stereotypes would make it sound. In addition, a big obstacle to my
productivity was server integration. Especially when it came to making
production builds, we ran into quite a few issues allowing the server to connect
with the front-end while maintaining valid security measures, primarily due to
CORS-headers protecting against cross-site attacks. In the future, I will make
my development environments mimic their production environments as much as
possible to create more accurate portrayals of how the final product will act. I
will also test production builds much more often to ensure no technical debt is
accumulating. Through all these trials and triumphs, I worked to develop a wide
range of skills, including maintaining agency, having leadership for myself and
others, working with the team, and managing a project.  It was certainly a great
preparation for my transition into the professional world.

## Part B

Of course, my personal contributions would mean nothing if we didn't have the
entire Meetify group, including my team members Rob Boeckermann and Jake
Steuver. These two worked together to develop the back-end functionality,
including the REST API built on a [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/)
server connected to a SQL database hosted on [Amazon Web Services
(AWS)](https://aws.amazon.com/). There are clearly a lot of technologies at play
here, so I don't doubt that they put in quite a bit of work to get these areas
running. However, as mentioned prior, I still think at least one of them could
have split off to do a bit of front-end work, as I felt that there was more work
to be done there in the end. I'd like to specially recognize Jake Steuver for
being incredibly productive in the back-end and responsive to feedback and
requests. He has been a fantastic inspiration for how I'd like to manage myself
professionally in the future.

In working with this group, I learned some important lessons. We did some great
things when working together, such as our documentation. Since I was on the
front-end, I knew that I should only need to reference a general API with the
back-end for integrations. Rather than potentially digging through code for
information on the API, I pushed very early for good documentation on all server
endpoints. My group members obliged and remained incredibly diligent in keeping
this documentation up to date. The resulting documentation turned out to be a
great success, and I was always able to readily find the information I needed,
helping us to maintain high productivity in our integrations between the
front-end and back-end services. Past this, all communication in general was
very open and responsive, and I realize now just how important that is for a
collaborative project. However, we were not without our faults as well.  Most
importantly, I saw through this project just how important pull requests are.
Prior to this project, I viewed them mainly as a formality and check for code
practices.  However, as we got deeper into more complex code, I quickly realized
how detrimental it can be when a group member makes a change without
notification and does not allow the others to review or test it first.  In the
best cases, this resulted in momentary confusion, but in the worst cases, we had
to make rollbacks and resolve glaring technical debt.  Additionally, I think we
could have done a much better job and defining requirements and scope, as we
occasionally went forward with an unclear vision of the final goal, resulting in
misaligned priorities and a lack of direction.  Despite these issues, I'm still
incredibly proud of the project, and I'm glad to have learned these lessons in a
place where we are free to make such mistakes.
