# Final Self Assessment

### Rob Boeckermann

I contributed to our project by helping to develop the backend, interfacing with the Spotify API, and by managing our cloud services. I had some prior, basic experience with Python, but I was completely new to Django and dedicated a lot of time to learning about the framework and how to implement our project on it. I also did not have any experience using cloud services, so I learned a lot through the process of setting up our AWS-hosted MySQL database, and our Lightsail-hosted Django and NodeJS instances that we used to host the Django server and front-end. 

I faced many obstacles during the project since most of the technologies I used were completely new to me, but I feel that I did well facing those challenges and learning how to implement the features we desired. One specific challenge I faced was getting all our technologies properly connected on the cloud, which I was able to finally achieve through a series of different tutorials and online resources. My biggest personal success during the development of our project, however, was my proactiveness and ability to maintain a consistent time commitment to the project throughout the semester. I have been working full time this semester, and I am traditionally a procrastinator, so I am very proud of the time and effort I have been able to dedicate to the project from the beginning (and I am very happy with the result of that commitment).

Our group collaborated very well with each other throughout the project. I did not feel, like I have in the past with some group projects, that any one person was trying to take advantage of the efforts of the rest of the group. Our group met regularly to work on the project and get help from each other when needed, and we finished a working Minimum Viable Product well ahead of the submission date. 

Throughout the development of the project, Jake Steuver and I worked mainly on the backend, while Dustin Seger worked predominantly on the frontend due to his prior experience with React and desire to design the UI himself instead of using a “website builder”. Because of this, Jake and I were able to help each other more since we were working on the same code base, while Dustin was unable to turn to one of us for most of his issues. Although Jake and I did collaborate more closely with Dustin when designing the endpoints for accessing our backend functionality, I feel that Dustin put in the most effort of the three of us and deserves recognition for that.
