From an academic perspective, our senior design project will demonstrate our
ability to create a functional product that requires interaction between many
different technologies. Throughout our academic careers, assignments have
predominantly been focused on learning and demonstrating a specific task. None
of these tasks, alone, create a functional product. While all of use have had
co-op experience that has exposed us to how many different technologies interact
with each other in a professional software environment, this senior design
project will be a way for us to demonstrate our ability to develop product in an
academic environment. This is beneficial, not only academically, through its
primary purpose of demonstrating to the university the knowledge we have gained
through our education, but also professionally, by putting our work in an
open-source environment that can be viewed by potential employers, unlike the
work we do on co-ops that is often unable to be shared.

My college curriculum has prepared me for this senior design project by teaching
me the basics of a lot of the skills that will be needed over the next two
semesters of the project. Aside from general programming skills, courses like my
Software Engineering course taught an overview of software design and the
strategies and processes related to it.  What I learned in Software Engineering
will be especially beneficial during the first semester when our group is
planning out the structure/design of our project.  It has already come in handy
for creating the user stories and design diagrams. Other courses like Database
Theory and Algorithm Analysis will also be beneficial when creating the backend
for our project and creating the algorithm that will compare users based on
their Spotify data.

My co-op experience will also help greatly over the course of the development
process for our project. My most recent co-op at Paycor exposed me to functional
databases, as opposed to theoretical topics discussed in courses, where I got to
learn SQL and how our different servers, databases, and tables worked together.
This experience will be very beneficial when it comes time to design and
implement the backend for our project. My Paycor co-op also taught me how to
work on a team efficiently. I enjoy working on projects as a group, as opposed
to individually, like I did on my other co-ops, because I enjoy the cooperative
design and learning process. My favorite part of the job is working together
with people so solve a joint problem, because I get more satisfaction from that
than I do when only working on my own. 

The idea for our project started as an idea for a small personal project I
wanted to do, but has now evolved into a large-scale project that my original
idea is just a small part of. I listen to a lot of music, and love sharing music
I’m into with others. When I meet someone new, one of the first topics of
conversation is usually out music tastes. I had the idea to write some code to
create an intersection of two people’s “Liked Songs” playlists on Spotify so
that the people could see what songs they both liked in one playlist.
Surprisingly, I was not able to find any service that already existed that could
do playlist intersections, so I wanted to do it myself. I also enjoy using
services that are already available that let you analyze your own Spotify data.
Since the process for intersecting two playlists is not complicated enough to
justify being a Senior Design project, my teammates and I came up with the idea
to create a service that takes your Spotify data (like existing services already
do using the Spotify API), and matches you with other people whos’ Spotify data
shown similar characteristics. When users match, they will be given an
intersection of their liked songs, as well as shown the music similarities that
caused them to match. This would be a great way for people to find others who
share the same tastes in music as they do!

We expect the end result of our project to accurately match people based on the
data Spotify has on their music listening habits, as well as providing other
features expected of similar services, such as a simple chat functionality so
that matches do not have to give out their personal information to every match.
We will know our project is completed when we satisfy all of the user stories
that we create and can consistently match users that have given our service
permission to access their Spotify data.  Further in the planning process, we
will create tickets for specific tasks and meet often to make sure all group
members are making progress. We will assist each other when necessary and
re-assign tasks as necessary to balance the workload.
